reportedly while cruising at 8,000 feet msl about two hours into a three-hour flight the pilot switched fuel tanks .
the propeller was still turning and the pilot turned on the electric fuel pump switched tanks several times and checked the left and right magnetos .
during initial examination of the wreckage approximately 20 gallons of fuel was recovered .
the airplane sustained substantial damage and neither the private pilot nor the passenger reported any injuries .
additional circumstances related to this accident are not yet known .
the pilot had switched tanks several times throughout the flight but within five minutes of the last tank switch the airplane experienced a loss of engine power .
further examination of the airplane and engine is being conducted .
the pilot advised valdosta approach of the loss of engine power and valdosta approach provided radar vectors to the homerville airport hoe .
the personal flight was conducted under the provisions of title 14 cfr part 91 with an instrument flight plan on file .
any errors in this report will be corrected when the final report has been completed .
when this was not successful in restoring adequate engine power the pilot contacted valdosta approach and declared an emergency .
the flight departed kissimmee florida en route to lawrenceville georgia at 0813 .
the airplane struck power lines and a tree and came to rest near a housing area and a prison .
on august 26 2001 at 0954 eastern daylight time a piper pa-32-300 n2116g collided with power lines and a tree while executed an emergency off-airport landing in homerville georgia after experiencing a loss of engine power in flight .
the pilot observed very high exhaust gas temperature egt readings just before touchdown but reported that all other instruments appeared normal .
while attempting to reach the airport the airplane was unable to maintain altitude and landed one mile short of the airport .
visual meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident .
this is preliminary information subject to change and may contain errors .
