instrument meteorological conditions prevailed at the time of the accident .
the airplane 's right wing was found in a tree approximately 120 feet prior to the airplane main wreckage .
debris from the airplane and broken tree branches were scattered along a 035 degree magnetic heading between the tree and the airplane main wreckage .
the cross-country flight originated at park rapids minnesota approximately 1940 and was en route to pine river minnesota .
the right horizontal stabilizer and elevator were bent and broken aft .
at 2019 the aviation routine weather report metar for park rapids minnesota 19 miles north of the accident site was ceiling 400 overcast 3 miles visibility and mist temperature 43 degrees fahrenheit f dew point 42 degrees f winds 310 degrees at 11 knots and altimeter 30.03 inches of mercury .
flight control continuity was confirmed .
the airplane 's fuselage was resting against trees on the edge of a swampy area and ran upward 30 degrees to the ground .
any errors in this report will be corrected when the final report has been completed .
on november 7 2001 approximately 2000 central standard time a taylorcraft f19 n20002 piloted by a private pilot was substantially damaged during cruise flight when it struck a tree and subsequently impacted into a wooded area 9 miles west of backus minnesota .
an examination of the engine and other airplane systems revealed no anomalies .
a federal aviation administration faa inspector examined the airplane at the accident scene .
the personal flight was being conducted under the provisions of 14 cfr part 91 without a flight plan .
the propeller showed no damage .
according to faa airman records the pilot held a private pilot certificate with single engine land rating .
the pilot sustained minor injuries in the crash .
the airplane main wreckage was found resting on the ground on right side cabin .
this is preliminary information subject to change and may contain errors .
the engine and cowling were bent and twisted up and right .
