during the turn the left wing of the airplane collided with the trunk of a 35-foot tall tree located approximately 100 feet west of the extended centerline for runway 15 .
the round-robin flight was scheduled to transport personnel and cargo to 3 intermediate airstrips nuevamente cashaschanes and sumacal servicing ranches also owned and operated by the owner of the airplane .
the airplane was owned and operated by servicio aereo manchupo of trinidad bolivia .
this is preliminary information subject to change and may contain errors .
any further information may be obtained from ministerio de desarollo economico viceministerio de transportes comunicaciones y aeronautica civil direccion general de aeronautica civil palacio de comunucaciones cuarto piso .
the foreman that t managed the ranch where the airplane intended to land witnessed the accident .
any errors in this report will be corrected when the final report has been completed .
the accident investigation is under the jurisdiction and control of the government of the republic of bolivia .
visual meteorological conditions prevailed for the cross-country flight for which a vfr flight plan was filed .
he added that the airplane overshot the extended centerline for the runway and the airplane was banked into a left turn as it appeared to be attempting to get re-established on the final approach course .
the business flight originated from trinidad at 1245 local .
avenida mariscal santa cruz 1278 casilla postal 9360 la paz boliviathis report is for informational purposes only and contains only information released by or obtained for the government of bolivia .
the non-instrument rated commercial pilot and the 5 passengers aboard the airplane were fatally injured .
he reported observing the airplane on a left base entry to runway 15 .
on december 11 2000 at 1445 local time 1845 gmt a cessna u206g single-engine airplane bolivian registration cp-1721 was destroyed upon collision with a tree and terrain while landing at a private airstrip near sumacal department of beni in the republic of bolivia .
