most mexican quakes occur along a long swath of coastline from the guatemalan border to a point near puerto vallarta where the cocos plate of the earth 's crust is thrusting under the north american plate .
the quake struck at 9 37 am 1537 gmt lasted about two minutes and was followed by two small aftershocks .
they jiggle like jelly when the quake waves hit .
this gave me a tremendous scare said araceli guerrero a 21-year-old receptionist with bank banorte .
i just went running down the stairwell said aurera villa a secretary in a high-rise office building on reforma avenue the main thoroughfare .
bc-mexico-quake 2nd ld-writethru,0376|retransmitting to fix cycle designator.|quake .
shakes mexico city|eds new throughout to update with preliminary magnitude .
trading on mexico 's stock market came to a halt .
people in mexico city bolted from homes and workplaces but traffic in the capital was normal .
most of the casualties were in mexico city .
pickup .
the big quake struck on september 19 1985 killing at least 6,000 people and destroyed or badly damaged thousands of buildings .
i was a student in 1985 when the big quake hit us and i ca n't stand any kind of shaking now .
there were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage from the second powerful quake to hit mexico in amnth .
there were no reports of injured there or from michoacan guadalajara and puebla states where the tremor was strongly felt .
while mexico city is often hundreds of miles kilometers away from the epicenter it is vulnerable because much of it sits atop the muddy sediments of drained lake beds .
mexico city ap a strong earthquake shook mexico city and southern mexico on monday causing high-rise buildings to sway and frightened people to rush into the streets .
the national seismological service said monday 's quake had a preliminary reading of 7.5 and the epicenter was located on the pacific coast between the states of colima and jalisco .
it was horrible horrible .
nerves she said were shook up by the september 14 quake across central mexico that t killed five people and was felt in mexico city .
