isaac a. levi|associated press writer .
mexico city ap a strong earthquake centered 60 miles 95 kilometers below mexico 's southernmost and poorest state shook the southern part of the country friday night but there were no immediate reports of injury or serious damage .
mexico 's second sizable quake in two weeks was centered in the southernmost state of chiapas and felt as far away as mexico city about 425 miles to the north .
the tremor with a preliminary magnitude of 6.3 started at 8 39 p.m. 0239 gmt and was felt for about amnute according to the u.s. national earthquake information center in golden colorado .
the quake occurred rather far below the earth 's surface and quake experts said that mitigated effects above .
from the depth of the earthquake i would suspect that we would not get a lot of reports of damage said waverly person a geophysicist with the earthquake center .
there may be some he said but definitely not as much as the last one .
the quake was centered about 20 miles 30 kilometers southwest of chiapas ' capital tuxtla gutierrez person said .
two houses collapsed in san andres larrainzar in chiapas according to the government news agency notimex which t provided no further details .
the quake was felt strongly throughout the southern pacific coast state of oaxaca and in xalapa the capital of veracruz state on the gulf coast .
it also was felt in villahermosa the capital of tabasco state on the gulf coast .
notimex said some people rushed out in panic in the streets but there also were no reports of injuries .
tremors were felt throughout most of mexico city but no damage was seen to buildings downtown .
a reporter from the privately owned televisa network calling from oaxaca city the state capital said the red cross and other agencies had no immediate reports of major damage or casualties there .
a 7.6-magnitude quake hit mexico 's pacific coast on october 9 killing 51 people and causing major damage in the adjoining states of colima and jalisco .
in the colima port of manzanillo a resort hotel collapsed .
that quake amst exactly due east of friday night 's struck only 12 miles 20 kilometers below the surface and thus caused more damage person said .
a magnitude-5 quake can produce moderate damage .
magnitude 6 can cause severe damage if it is centered in a populated area .
the past two weeks have been trying ones for mexico .
after the first quake hit early last week the nation 's gulf coast was bruised by hurricane roxanne which t struck later last week and meandered out to sea before returning for a second slap earlier this week .
