dinar turkey ap dozens of people were feared buried in the rubble of collapsed buildings sunday after a strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6 rocked western turkey .
aftershocks continued the next few days causing residents who t feared amjor quake to sleep outdoors .
the turkish red crescent the muslim equivalent of the red cross dispatched the first aid convoy with 500 tents and 2,500 blankets to dinar from the capital ankara .
the police station and local government building were among those damaged anatolia said .
a moderate quake shook dinar last wednesday damaging dozens of homes .
turkey 's aegean and mediterranean coastal areas and the entire eastern region sit atop an earthquake-prone belt known as the anatolian fault .
electricity and phone service to much of dinar was disrupted making it difficult to obtain further details. dinar a town of 100,000 people in the province of afyon is about 200 miles 320 kilometers southwest of ankara .
it felt very strong and lasted at least 30 seconds he said on the private star tv network .
the last major quake in turkey occurred in 1992 in the eastern city of erzincan and had amgnitude of 6.8 .
two aftershocks measuring about 4.7 and 3.8 rattled dinar at 8 03 p.m. 1803 gmt and 8 30 p.m. 1830 gmt said ahmet isikara a spokesman for istanbul 's kandilli observatory .
the town is caught with panic anatolia reporter zafer caglar said in an agency dispatch .
i hear cries of help from under the rubble .
rescue teams were trying to clear the rubble with heavy machines .
koken said dozens of people were feared buried under the rubble .
at least 14 people were killed and 193 others wounded the semi-official anatolia news agency reported .
bc-turkey-quake 4th ld-writethru,0377|strong quake shakes western turkey|eds updates with death toll eyewitness account .
anatolia reported damage in the neighboring towns of evciler and kiziloren .
it killed about 500 people .
sunday 's quake hit at 5 57 p.m. 1557 gmt .
two-thirds of the buildings collapsed in the town of dinar near the quake 's epicenter said semih koken an editor for a local tv station .
