i thought i was getting faint but then realized it was a quake said francisco garrido flores who t was selling orange juice from a street stand .
jalisco state spokeswoman claudia villalobos told the associated press in a telephone interview that the 14 dead and 80 injured were reported from the two small towns of tenamaxtlan and america near the pacific coast .
high rise buildings swayed crazily in the capital frightening people into the streets .
the mexican national seismological service said monday 's quake had a preliminary reading of 7.5 and the epicenter was located 3 miles 5 kilometers off the pacific coast between the states of colima and jalisco at 18.7 latitude north 104.3 longitude west .
at first the quake 's side-to-side motion sent people swaying .
the quake struck at 9 37 am 1537 gmt lasted about two minutes and was followed by two small aftershocks .
nerves she said were shook up by the september 14 quake across central mexico that t killed five people and was felt in mexico city .
radio news reports which t could not be immediately confirmed said the small town of cihuatlan about 18 miles 29 kilometers from manzanillo in colima state may also have casualties .
this gave me a tremendous scare said araceli guerrero a 21-year-old receptionist with bank banorte .
most of the casualties were in mexico city .
trading on mexico 's stock market came to a halt but resumed 40 minutes later .
mexico city ap a strong earthquake centered off the pacific coast shook mexico city and southern mexico monday killing at least 14 people and injuring dozens in jalisco state .
both town were isolated by rockslides and collapsed bridges and telephone and power service were out .
the u.s. geological survey said the quake measured 7.6 and was felt as far away as dallas and oklahoma city .
power and telephone service were interrupted for about one hour on the west side of the capital but was restored .
but roads to the town were blocked and there was no power or telephone service .
people in mexico city bolted from homes and workplaces after the quake but traffic in the capital was normal .
the big quake struck on september 19 1985 killing at least 6,000 people and destroying or badly damaging thousands of buildings .
bc-mexico-quake 5th ld-writethru,0573|quake shakes mexico city|eds combines previous updates with more details throughout|ap photos mo101-103|by sara silver|associated press writer .
it was horrible horrible .
i just went running down the stairwell said aurera villa a secretary in a high-rise office building on reforma avenue the main thoroughfare .
most mexican quakes occur along a long swath of coastline from the guatemalan border to a point near puerto vallarta where the cocos plate of the earth 's crust is thrusting under the north american plate .
i was a student in 1985 when the big quake hit us and i ca n't stand any kind of shaking now .
they jiggle like jelly when quake waves hit .
while mexico city is often hundreds of miles kilometers away from the epicenters it is vulnerable because much of it sits atop the muddy sediments of drained lake beds .
it said the quake was centered 15 miles 24 kilometers southeast of manzanillo 325 miles 525 kilometers west of mexico city .
