people in mexico city bolted from homes and workplaces but traffic in the capital was normal .
trading on mexico 's stock market came to a halt but resumed 40 minutes later .
it was horrible horrible .
the tremor was also strongly felt in michoacan jalisco and puebla states .
photos mo101-103|by sara silver|associated press writer .
this gave me a tremendous scare said araceli guerrero a 21-year-old receptionist with bank banorte .
most of the casualties were in mexico city .
bc-mexico-quake 3rd ld-writethru,0427|quake shakes mexico city|eds updates with quotes and color .
i just went running down the stairwell said aurera villa a secretary in a high-rise office building on reforma avenue the main thoroughfare .
i thought i was getting faint but then realized it was a quake said francisco garrido flores who t was selling orange juice from a street stand .
at first the quake 's side-to-side motion sent people swaying .
there were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage from the second powerful quake to hit mexico in amnth .
it makes you worry that there could me more a series .
nerves she said were shook up by the september 14 quake across central mexico that t killed five people and was felt in mexico city .
the national seismological service said monday 's quake had a preliminary reading of 7.5 and that the epicenter was 3 miles 5 kilometers off the pacific coast between the states of colima and jalisco .
while mexico city is often hundreds of miles kilometers away from the epicenters it is vulnerable because much of it sits atop the muddy sediments of drained lake beds .
they jiggle like jelly when quake waves hit .
adds byline and photo .
mexico city ap a strong earthquake shook mexico city and southern mexico on monday causing high-rise buildings to sway and sending frightened people rushing into the streets .
most mexican quakes occur along a long swath of coastline from the guatemalan border to a point near puerto vallarta where the cocos plate of the earth 's crust is thrusting under the north american plate .
the quake struck at 9 37 am 1537 gmt lasted about two minutes and was followed by two small aftershocks .
the big quake struck on september 19 1985 killing at least 6,000 people and destroying or badly damaging thousands of buildings .
i was a student in 1985 when the big quake hit us and i ca n't stand any kind of shaking now .
