vi/jar a spokesman in moscow for the ministry of emergency situations said there were no immediate reports of injuries .
the latest quake on monday had amgnitude of 6.1 and severely damaged 14 apartment buildings in the town of okha the itar-tass news agency said .
about 2,000 of neftegorsk 's 3,000 residents were killed and the rest were relocated to other towns .
after monday 's quake sakhalin was hit by a blizzard and heavy winds that t was expected to last at least three more days .
bc-russia-quake 1st ld-writethru|earthquake damages homes of thousands in russian far east|eds updates with report that okha residents spent night on street |more on damage .
the quake was centered on sakhalin island 's northern tip in russia 's far east not far from the wreckage of the remote oil town of neftegorsk which t was leveled by amgnitude 7.5 quake on may 28 .
the buildings already had been damaged in may 's earthquake making them unfit for habitation it said .
monday 's quake was centered 30 kilometers 20 miles south of okha roughly 40 kilometers 23 miles north of neftegorsk .
emergency workers were put on alert .
the deadly may quake was centered 145 kilometers 90 miles south of okha and 65 kilometers 40 miles south of neftegorsk .
it severely damaged the homes of 800 families itar-tass said leaving deep cracks in the walls of the apartment buildings .
the ministry said the quake did not seriously damage the island 's oil and natural-gas pipelines .
yuzhno-sakhalinsk russia ap a strong earthquake badly damaged the homes of several thousand people on sakhalin island in the same area where a quake destroyed an entire town last spring reports said tuesday .
there were no injuries reported because residents frightened by earlier jolts spent the night in the street russian television reported .
neftegorsk was not rebuilt .
officials said another earthquake measuring 5.2 hit the kuril island of urup on monday night leaving no victims or serious damage .
the occupants were supposed to have moved long ago but authorities were slow to build new houses .
