in the midst of the misery nurdiana ismail a 28-year-old famr 's wife prematurely gave birth to twins monday at the sungaipenuh public hospital .
the tremor shook morale and broke spirit making it more difficult to treat them he said .
bc-indonesia-earthquake 1st ld-writethru|quake survivors relive fear as aftershock jolts sumatra|eds updates in new 4th graf with twins born after the quake named|tough and firm .
the magnitude-4 aftershock at 3 am 2000 gmt monday was big enough to scare people out of wobbly tents and other shelters said the meteorology and geophysics agency .
but the crashing noise and of people screaming and shouting made me alert he said .
so far 80 bodies have been recovered from the rubble although officials say the toll is likely to be more than 100 .
like many indonesians he uses only one name .
on monday soldiers found a 37-year-old famr pinned under the rubble the first person t to be found alive since the earthquake .
it was the twelfth aftershock since the area was walloped by the massive earthquake on saturday killing at least 100 people injuring about 1,700 and damaging or destroying about 10,000 homes .
a frequent complaint rukmana heard t has been that food and medical attention is hard to get .
sumatra is however amre sparsely populated region compared to neighboring java where 60 percent of indonesia 's 190 million people live .
edits 5th graf to conform|by mohamad asrun|associated press writer .
sungaipenuh is 16 kilometers 10 miles near the epicenter of the quake and lies near the southwestern coast of sumatra one of the biggest islands in the indonesian archipelago that t comprises 17,000 islands .
lieutenant suhardi head of the relief operations said many semi-damaged houses came down crashing in a series of booms creating more panic .
he said he was in deep sleep for the first time since arriving here and when the aftershock occurred i could barely open eyes .
wife and four children who t escaped just before house collapsed were present when the soldiers rescued the famr bachtiar .
she was visited by president suharto 's eldest daughter siti hardiaynti rukmana who t admired the boys and bestowed them with the names tegar and teguh or tough and firm .
sungaipenuh indonesia ap dispirited survivors ran amessly and wailed hysterically after a strong pre-dawn aftershock tuesday jolted the remote indonesian region that t was devastated by an earthquake last week .
bad coordination poor communication and torrential rains have been blamed .
the twins and mother are doing well and were oblivious of the aftershock that t made injured inmates at the hospital hysterical said the medical chief doctor surya iskander .
in the latest relief effort the government said it sent 20 tons or rice 2,000 blankets 200 boxes of instant noodles and 25 cases of medicines from jakarta indonesia 's capital jambi the provincial capital and padang a town neighboring sungaipenuh .
meanwhile the coordinating minister for social welfare azwar anas and rukmana the president 's daughter and head of the indonesian red cross surveyed the disaster and consoled the victims .
it took some time to camthem down .
